# Health data
NextGen is an electronic health record (EHR) software that delivers better healthcare outcomes for people. EHR is a digitalized form of a patient's medical record. The implementation of electronic health records is one of the greatest landmarks in medical development. It improves health care by reducing medical errors. It is a computerized physician order entry. It provides an effective means of communication between the doctor and the patient by reducing ambiguity. The collected information is also used for education and research purpose. It forms a common platform for the exchange of health information. 
NextGen is a product of health information technology in medical health records/documents. It replaces the outdated procedure of recording medical records on paper. The primary goals of this project are to develop a system that addresses patient demands and keeps track of treatment regimens. The database gives the user a computerized provider order entry that stores the information electronically and thereby reduces the inconsistency of the data. The system also assures the quality and safety of the data. Users can schedule appointments and can also view their reports electronically through this system.
The database system streamlines the workflow and provides automatic and accurate access to information to the user. It also enhances the privacy and security of the collected data and the information collected can be precisely stored and retrieved easily. Thus, this design will serve as an efficient and better healthcare information system than other conventional systems. 
The database includes all the basic and required particulars such as patient demographics, vital signs, no of visits, patient medical history, medications, insurance, billing dates, test results, billing system, etc.
